add verifying a merkle tree (#29)
datprotocol/book: src/ch01-02-merkle-tree.md

```

## Verifying A Merkle Tree
Merkle tree allows efficient verification of the contents of large data structures. 
Let's add more data to the above Feed:

__data__
```txt
0: A
1: B
2: C
3: D
4: E
5: F
6: G
7: H
```

> Now, Alice wants to recieve and verify the data `D`, to accomplish this, then she need to recieve: (marked with `~`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, Alice wants to recieve and verify the data `D`. To accomplish this she needs to recieve: (marked with `~`)
```

> Now, Alice wants to recieve and verify the data `D`, to accomplish this, then she need to recieve: (marked with `~`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, Alice wants to receive and verify the data `D`, to accomplish this, then she need to recieve: (marked with `~`)
```

* the chunk3. 
* chunk3's uncle and its uncle's uncle and so on.
* the signed root hash: #7.

__tree__
```txt
 0:  #0──┐      
       ~#1──┐   
 1:  #2──┘  │   
           #3──┐
 2: ~#4──┐  │  │
        #5──┘  │
~3:  #6──┘     │
              ~#7
 4:  #8──┐     │
        #9──┐  │
 5: #10──┘  │  │
         ~#11──┘
 6: #12──┐  │   
       #13──┘   
 7: #14──┘   
```

We will first verify the signature on hash #7: `verify(#7, signature, publickey)`,

> then we verify the chunk 3:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then we verify chunk 3
```

1. hash the chunk3: #6 = hash(chunk3)
2. hash #6 and recieved #4: #5 = hash(#6 + #4)
3. hash #5 and recieved #1: #3 = hash(#1 + #5)
4. hash #3 and recieved #11: #7 = hash(#3 + #11)

> 5. if our calculated #7 is equal to our received signed #7, then we know the chunk3 we received is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. if our calculated #7 is equal to our received signed #7, then we know the chunk #3 we received is valid.
```
